## week5.md

#LMS

* I have learned about the LMS .LMS means learning management system. It is a web based application ,It is based on eLearning program and training content.LMS allows us to create and support an unlimited number of online learning courses that can be accessed by students all over the world. user role and interface involves admin, teacher and student role . Admin role involves that everyone works with unity are not. Teacher are the persons responsible for creating ,giving topics and lessons for courses and they  manage the whole learning process. students are the person they can choose different type of courses. LMS concept emerged from eLearning process, it helps the user to complete the learning process online just as easily as they can in a class room. Lms was found in athe early 1724 by a professer by using notes that is a proffeser gave notes to the students this concept begin to be an learning management  system. Then the actual lms was found in 1924 by the invention of teaching machine.
* I have learned some types of lms corporate and acadamic LMS. In corparate lms Learning goals- In corporate training based on the learning works of there methods.Timeline-In corporate the lms should be flexible to fit all the time frames.Certification-Corporate tracks and offers the completion in form of certificates.
Content update- since market needs changes rapidly a corporate LMS should have the ability to quickly and easily update courses.
* In Acadamic lms Learning goals- In academic learning they aimed to produce good students with deep knowledge.Timeline-In educational institute semesters,internals and exam times are the periods.Grade In education institute they track the learners and progress through grading system. They has grade book,attendance as assignment result.Content update-Its based on humanities and science,so the educational LMS doesn’t need regular update.
* I have learned about free and commercial lms his is one of the first challenge that company faces ,while choosing an LMS deciding between free open source and commercial platform. There is a major misunderstanding that all open sources LMS are free. It costs more than the commercial LMS.

# javacript

* I have learned about the basic of javascript ,How the object and array works in a program .Then array can store values of any primitive data type, so an arrays consist of strings, numbers, booleans, objects, or even other arrays. Objects are used to represent a “thing” in your code. That could be a person, a car, a building, a book, a character in a game — basically anything that is made up or can be defined by a set of characteristics. In objects, these characteristics are called properties that consist of a key and a value.
* I have learned about loop ,how the while loop formed and how the loops are used,loops is the quick and easy way to do something repeatedly.The curly braces we used in a program to define the function is called blocks. I have learned to write a program by using while loop for printing the given numbers in reverse,the given number was [0,1,2,3,4,5].
* And if there were several amount of number is given then 'function' is used.

* I have learned that binary search compares the target value to the middle element of the array.binary search is used to quickly find a value in a sorted sequence. I have learned about merge sort that it first divide the list into the smallest unit that means 1 element, then compare each element with the adjacent list to sort and merge the two adjacent list. In Quick sort is a fast sorting algorithm used to sort a list of elements. The list is divided into two partitions such that all elements to the left of pivot are smaller than the pivot and all elements to the right of pivot are greater than or equal to the pivot.pivot means centre of an array.
