# Day19

* I have learned about the history of computer that a computer is a machine that it can be programmed to carry  out the sequence of arithmetic or logical operation automatically. I came to know that computer was born not for entertainment or email but to solve crunching crisis.

* I have learned about LMS ,it is a software application for  administration ,documantation ,tracking, reporting, automation and delivery of educational courses.Lms concept emerged from e-learning.It helps the user to complete the learning process online just as easily as they are learning in the classroom. It is a digital learning environment that manages all the effort of a company to train a person.It also manages the information of the users in a company like user profile,work progress and preferences.
* LMS become more popular nowadays for the past few years,it actually started in the year 1924 by the invention of teaching machine . Day by day there were more progress in creating new LMS applications .slowly more invention came into market .

* In english there is only one type of tokens they are said as words but in programming language there is three type of tokens Identifiers,value tokens and operator tokens . symbols are operators and punctuation and combination of sybols and tokens called blocks . blocks are the expressions.value tokens has two types string literals and number literals . string literals are of "" anything give inside the quatations. Identifiers in javascript knows only 39 keywords . The purpose of computer programming is to find a sequence of instructions that solve a specific problem on a computer. 
* English is the most popular and well known Human Language. The English language has its own set of grammar rule like that programming languages also follow grammar called syntax.

* I have read quite the book of clive cusslers the theif book the concept of the story in the ocean liner Mauretania, two European scientists with a new invention were not rescued from abduction by the Van Dorn Detective Agencys intrepid chief investigator, Isaac Bell. Unfortunately, they were not so lucky the second time also , The thugs attack again-and this time one of the scientists dies. What are they holding that was so precious? Only something that will revolutionize business and popular culture-and perhaps something more. For war clouds are looming, and the  agent has spotted a priceless opportunity to give the Germans an edge. It is up to Isaac Bell to figure out who he is, what he is up to, and stop him. But he may already be too late and the future of the world may just hang in the balance.This is the concept of the story .

* I have learned some different types of minds in cultural talk they are impulsive mind, imperative mind, socialized mind and  self authortiy mind.
