# Day22

* I have learned more about LMS and about purpose of LMS .There are different work done in a LMS done using Admin,teacher and student. Admin- They ensure that everyone  works well together  are not and manage the whole work done in that administration. Teachers- These are persons responsible for creating ,giving topics and lessons for courses.Students- They are the learners, they can choose different type of courses to learn.
* I have learned some types of lms corporate and acadamic LMS. In corparate lms Learning goals- In corporate training based on the learning works of there methods.Timeline-In corporate the lms should be flexible to fit all the time frames.Certification-Corporate tracks and offers the completion in form of certificates.
Content update- since market needs changes rapidly a corporate LMS should have the ability to quickly and easily update courses.
* In Acadamic lms Learning goals- In academic learning they aimed to produce good students with deep knowledge.Timeline-In educational institute semesters,internals and exam times are the periods.Grade In education institute they track the learners and progress through grading system. They has grade book,attendance as assignment result.Content update-Its based on humanities and science,so the educational LMS doesn’t need regular update.
* I have learned about free and commercial lms his is one of the first challenge that company faces ,while choosing an LMS deciding between free open source and commercial platform. There is a major misunderstanding that all open sources LMS are free. It costs more than the commercial LMS.

* I have learned about the basic of javascript ,How the object and array works in a program .I have learned array can store values of any primitive data type, so an arrays consist of strings, numbers, booleans, objects, or even other arrays. Objects are used to represent a “thing” in your code. That could be a person, a car, a building, a book, a character in a game — basically anything that is made up or can be defined by a set of characteristics. In objects, these characteristics are called properties that consist of a key and a value.

* And also i have learned that in javascript delete is something that delete one particular object.I have learned about loop ,how the while loop formed and how the loops are used,loops is the quick and easy way to do something repeatedly.
